c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\ExpenseManager.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\ExpenseManager.pdb
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\obj\Debug\ExpenseManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\obj\Debug\ExpenseManager.dll
c:\users\gill\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\obj\Debug\ExpenseManager.pdb
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\ExpenseManager.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\ExpenseManager.pdb
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\obj\Debug\ExpenseManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\obj\Debug\ExpenseManager.dll
C:\Users\Gill\Desktop\ExpenseManager\ExpenseManager\obj\Debug\ExpenseManager.pdb
